feat(tags): Document tag keys+values validation [TET-95] (#5183)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/enriching-events/tags.mdx

We’ll automatically index all tags for an event, as well as the frequency and the last time that Sentry has seen a tag. We also keep track of the number of distinct tags and can assist you in determining hotspots for various issues.

> _Tag keys_ have a maximum length of 32 characters and can contain only letters (`a-zA-Z`), numbers (`0-9`), underscore (`_`), period (`.`), colon (`:`), and dash (`-`).
> 
> _Tag values_ have a maximum length of 200 characters and they cannot contain newline (`\n`) character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Tag keys_ have a maximum length of 32 characters and can contain only letters (`a-zA-Z`), numbers (`0-9`), underscores (`_`), periods (`.`), colons (`:`), and dashes (`-`).

_Tag values_ have a maximum length of 200 characters and they cannot contain the newline (`\n`) character.
```
